---
url: https://meripehchaan.gov.in/welcome/terms
depth: 5
score: 0
crawled_at: 2026-07-11T20:39:33.429071Z
---
[Skip to Main Content](https://meripehchaan.gov.in/ "Skip to main content") | -A A A+ | | English हिन्दी ગુજરાતી বাংলা मराठी অসমীয়া ଓରିୟା ਪੰਜਾਬੀ தமிழ் తెలుగు ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം
#### Terms of Service
These terms of service (Terms) govern your use of MeriPehchaan , the National Single Sign On platform and the services provided thereunder. Please read these terms and conditions (Terms) carefully before you use the MeriPehchaan platform and its services. By clicking on the “I Agree” button, you signify your acceptance of the Terms and your agreement to be bound by them. The Terms may be amended from time to time. In order to continue using the MeriPehchaan Platform, you will be required to read and accept the revised Terms.'
MeriPehchaan
#### Service Overview
MeriPehchaan is the national level common single sign-on platform, which interfaces with the following Single Sign On (SSO) applications from Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY) :
* DigiLocker
* Jan Parichay
* e-Pramaan

By interfacing with the above mentioned SSO applications, MeriPehchaan
#### Terms of Use
1. MeitY reserves the right to make changes to MeriPehchaan and these terms of use at any time. If those changes affect your rights or responsibilities, you will be notified through the MeriPehchaan portal.
2. These Terms of Service shall come into effect as soon as you have accepted it and created your MeriPehchaan
3. As a user of MeriPehchaan you are granted a nonexclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to access and use MeriPehchaan in accordance with these Terms of Use. MeitY/Govt. of India may terminate this license at any time for any reason.
4. Though all efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the content on MeriPehchaan, the same should not be construed as a statement of law or used for any legal purposes. In case of any ambiguity or doubts, users are advised to verify/check with the concerned Ministry/Department/Organization and/or other source(s), and to obtain appropriate professional advice.
5. Under no circumstances will the Government Ministry/Department/Organization be liable for any expense, loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any expense, loss or damage whatsoever arising from use, or loss of use, of data, arising out of or in connection with the use of MeriPehchaan.

The service offered by MeriPehchaan is for your personal use only and not for commercial exploitation. You may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, rent, lease, loan, sell, sublicense, or create derivative works from MeriPehchaan. Nor may you use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the Application/site architecture, or extract information about usage, individual identities or users. You will not use any robot, spider, other automatic software or device, or manual process to monitor or copy MeriPehchaan and its contents without MeitY’s prior written permission. You will not copy, modify, reproduce, republish, distribute, display, or transmit for commercial, non-profit or public purposes all or any portion of MeriPehchaan, except to the extent permitted by the copyright policy of this terms of use. Any unauthorized use of MeriPehchaan
#### User Responsibility:
You must:
1. Be a natural person to access or seek to access Service.
2. MeriPehchaan Service account;.
3. Not permit any other person to use your username and password or any credentials; keep your account username, password or any credentials safe and confidential, at all times and not disclose your to anyone else;
4. Report to the MeriPehchaan HelpDesk immediately if you suspect that the security of your MeriPehchaan account may have been compromised e.g.: your password or username has been lost or stolen. Contact MeriPehchaan helpdesk using the details available at Contact Us;
5. Ensure your personal details (including your name,Gender, date of birth, Aadhaar number, PAN number, mobile number,) are accurate and kept up to date with MeriPehchaan;
6. Details on MeriPehchaan may only be accessed through the MeriPehchaan portal, and only using the username and authentication details which have been specifically allocated to you.
7. You must use MeriPehchaan service and your MeriPehchaanMeriPehchaan by any third party. This includes conduct which is unlawful or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person, the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption to MeriPehchaan.
8. You must not transmit via MeriPehchaan any unlawful, defamatory, obscene, offensive or scandalous material, or any material that constitutes or encourages conduct that would contravene any law.

1. If, within your MeriPehchaan account, you are asked to provide information, the information you supply must be complete and accurate. You acknowledge that if you supply incomplete, inaccurate or false information, use MeriPehchaan to perform (or attempt to perform) an unauthorized action, or otherwise misuse MeriPehchaan, then it may suspend or terminate your MeriPehchaan access.
2. Giving false or misleading information is a serious offence. Providing incomplete, inaccurate or false information via MeriPehchaan will be treated in the same way as providing incorrect information on a form or in person and may result in prosecution and civil or criminal penalties.
3. You may be requested to provide your Aadhaar number / PAN Number, for registration or providing any other service by MeriPehchaan .While MeriPehchaan collects these details from you, they are handed over to the respective parent application/platform for validation. MeriPehchaan

Material featured on this website/portalshall not be reproduced anywhere without the explicit written permission of MeitY. However, if the material has to be reproduced with permission, then such reproduction should be done accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Wherever the material is being published or issued to others, the source must be prominently acknowledged. However, the permission to reproduce this material shall not extend to any material which is identified as being copyright of a third party (user submitted content). Authorization to reproduce such material must be obtained from the copyright holder concerned.
#### Hyperlinking policy:
Links to external websites/portals
At some places on MeriPehchaan, you shall find links to other websites/portals. These links have been placed for your convenience. MeriPehchaan is not responsible for the contents of the linked websites/services and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over availability of linked destinations.
Links to MeriPehchaan by other websites/portals
#### privacy policy
MeriPehchaan, does not store the Aadhaar number, it merely facilitates the verification of an individual’s identity by directly authenticating with the Aadhaar platform in accordance with the Aadhaar act.
#### Cookies Policy
A cookie is a piece of software code that an internet web site sends to your browser when you access information at that site. A cookie is stored as a simple text file on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the contents of that cookie. Cookies let you navigate between pages efficiently as they store your preferences, and generally improve your experience of a website. MeriPehchaan uses following types of cookies to enhance your experience and interactivity with its service :
1. Analytics cookies for anonymously remembering your computer or mobile device when you visit our website to keep track of browsing patterns.
2. Service cookies for helping us to make our website work efficiently, remembering your registration and login details, settings preferences, and keeping track of the pages you view.
3. Non-persistent cookies a.k.a per-session cookies. Per-session cookies serve technical purposes, like providing seamless navigation through MeriPehchaan and its services. These cookies do not collect personal information on users and they are deleted as soon as you leave our website. The cookies do not permanently record data and they are not stored on your computer’s hard drive. The cookies are stored in memory and are only available during an active browser session. Again, once you close your browser, the cookie disappears.
4. You may note additionally that when you visit MeriPehchaan, where you are prompted to log in, or which are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some features of MeriPehchaan may not function properly.

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing
(C-DAC)
Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY) Government of India
Digital India Corporation
(DIC)
Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY) Government of India
National Informatics Centre,
(NIC)
Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY) Government of India